Docs Splash Page Update (#3031)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/_index.md

Kubernetes cluster.

## Features

* Fast local Kubernetes Development
  * **optimized "Source to Kubernetes"** - Skaffold detects changes in your source code and handles the pipeline to
  **build**, **push**, and **deploy** your application automatically with **policy-based image tagging** and **highly optimized, fast local workflows**
  * **continuous feedback** - Skaffold automatically manages deployment logging and resource port-forwarding
* Skaffold projects work everywhere
  * **share with other developers** - Skaffold is the easiest way to **share your project** with the world: `git clone` and `skaffold run`
  * **context aware** - use Skaffold profiles, local user config, environment variables, and flags to easily incorporate differences across environments
  * **CI/CD building blocks** - use `skaffold build` and `skaffold deploy` as part of your CI/CD pipeline, or simply `skaffold run` end-to-end
  * **GitOps integration** - use `skaffold render` to build your images and render templated Kubernetes manifests for use in GitOps workflows
* skaffold.yaml - a single pluggable, declarative configuration for your project

>   * **skaffold init** - Skaffold can discover your Dockerfiles and deployment configs and generate a Skaffold config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **skaffold init** - Skaffold can discover your build and deployment configuration and generate a Skaffold config
```

  * **multi-component apps** - Skaffold supports applications with many components, making it great for microservice-based applications

>   * **bring your own tools** - Skaffold has a pluggable architecture, allowing for different implementations of the build and deploy stages

Reviewer: let's remove this

Besides the above steps, Skaffold also automatically manages the following utilities for you:

> * deployed resource port-forward to your local machine using `kubectl port-forward`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  port-forwarding of deployed resources to your local machine using `kubectl port-forward`
```
